Hello, freak bitches. Or wasn't on TRT and became on TT.
After he fought Anderson, he looked different. When he fought Anderson,
he was like, he didn't let to befor. Yes.
John B TT V was Jack. What was Vito was VTO when he was 19.
Is that still considered TT VTO? No, no.
No. That's Roy.
Beto. That's what he said that strong.
Yeah, he was two 40 that's every two 40 with a side, 50.
Jim P Eddie, every Eddie and I, um, met his trainer way, way back in the day.
We used to call him garden hoses. Dude.
Remember, remember how I remember? I remember him. What happened? That guy,
Joe steroid at 35 years old, Joe and I were looking at him. He was,
he was great, Joe and I really at him at the airport.
Remember he was eating of course,
but of course he's even out a can Atuna at the airport.
And he and I were watching him and Joe goes like this. Joe's looking at him.
And Joe goes, he is the color of a plum <laugh>.
He was crazy. Dude. You never seen anybody that he was a color of a plum.
He was, he was just a totally different his blood pressure supposed to be,
he was like an everyone's corner and.
SILS with a Fanny.
Pack and just color purple Eddie called him garden hoses because we worked out
with him once and the dude had garden hoses.
For veins. And I think that was his nickname. Everybody called it. Yeah.
I think that was, that was his.
Hose. I think we might have invented it either. You and I are invented it,
but it was, but yeah, he died. Yeah. Yeah, dude. And this is when too much gear.
This is when veto was in the Randy Coutour fight. So this was the,
those days when Vitto looked like a lion, he looked like a male human lion.
Like his neck started. Nobody.
Had better chat about here.
And just came straight down and he was just super Jack Bebo and rocks. Dude. He,
when he fought Randy, he was like two 40. Yeah.
He's fighting 180 5 now just in a tough 85. Just stop and think of that.
That is insane. I mean that's insane. Yep. And.
Look at, that's kinda bummed out garden hose down. That's not.
No. You remember the other fist.
Hole Rockhold.
Is TT. Do, do you remember there's another fist fight in the stands in rock.
Yeah. Here's a trivia question for Joe Rogan.
There was a fist fight in the stands after Vito lost to Randy couture.
Do you remember who it was between?
Um, was that the one between tank Abbot? Nope. No. Who was it? Nope.
Tank tank Abbot was always getting, it was.
A fist fight between tank jam VTO, mom and his girlfriend.
Who's that dude.
Is that Curtis? Yeah. Yeah. There he is. That's Mr. Ho? No.
Yeah. Oh, is that him? That's the dude. Oh, he was 35. He looks, everybody.
Look at that vein across the shoulder, pull.
Up his, uh, go, go big on his images. Go. Just, just, just they're not all,
they're not all him, but that's him just go big. Make it big, like close it.
Sorry. Yeah. Look at the size of his veins. Dude. We be at the gym with him.
Be like, what? How come we don't like that?
<laugh> what is <laugh> that doesn't even look like a human.
That dude was so jacked. Do you see what's going on? His biceps?
Everything. If he right there, right with edit where his elbow is.
Like, what is that? That's like a, it's a keyboards, a.
Steroid factor. He took some stuff. He took.
Took some stuff, bicep. His right. Died up the steroids because they always say,
no one's died from steroids.
No, your heart. It can, it can with your lipid levels and everything.
If you do it that much, God knows what.
He was taking on cow blood, just, he was taking crazy.
People take a lot of crazy stuff. They also take insulin.
And apparently that's really dangerous.
That'll get you there's lot of different stuff. Did they take? Yeah,
he took a lot of stuff. All of it is, uh, effective.
If you want to get to that giant size, you know, I'm trying to get on, man.
I gotta contact him. We've been going back and forth as Dorian Yates. Ooh,
that'd be fun. Yeah, man. He's gonna, be's gonna be here in July.
Giantly about yeah. He tells his dosages says what he was doing. What? Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's talk about it. Still doing it now. Well, he does.
He's on TT. Now. He talks about that. Cause we had Phil Heath on HES,
Mr. Olympia, seven time Mr. Olympia.
And you don't really like you can't like up steroids. No,
like we don't Humpy come. On's not, it's not do Yates brings it up himself.
He wants to talk about it. He's like, this is crazy. Like,
everybody should know what we're doing. And Arnold outside to his credit,
Arnold says the same thing. Arnold tells everybody about it too. Yeah,
they were all, I mean, obviously obvious.
There's no other way to achieve those sizes. <laugh> Arnold. Yes.
Terminators on deer, dude. There's no way to achieve those sizes.
If you're not taking.
Something, he's kind of still doing something. If you.
Yeah. Arnold got those pictures of him on the beach.
Governor strict rules on steroid. He's fixed it.
Oh he fixed now he's in shape now. He's gonna Terminator.
You guys know he had heart surgery. Yes. Heart surgery.
That's when he looked disgusting on the beach. That's what was going on.
I mean he had a lay lay low. Let his body,
do you see the picture was ALO is what? It looks the hospital.
If you don't work out, but he he's. He's see like that. Can't be him. Now.
That can be him now. He's jacked now he's Jack. Oh my God. Holy.
Photoshop. Maybe right now, dude. Get that. Can't be.
Real. No, he's getting help. Is that.
Real? Yeah. It's him. No, he's jacked. He my and Franco Colombo that holy.
He's back. Look at him. That's his son right there. Right? Well, you know,
he's doing, that's not the Mexican that's. This is a recent thing.
You think this is recent? That's his that's like Gold's gym son. Uh,
what he's been saying, what he's been saying is that he's,
he's been working out with Franco Colombo and him and Franco Colombo travel
around together and they work out together. Dr. Colomo, sir,
those dudes were the back in the day and the body and both of them were added
again. Well, both of them were on, uh, a, uh, movie.
Is there a picture them together? Yes. There's a bunch of pictures that left.
Could blow up. He could personally he could put, blow up.
Franco colo would do two things. One is he could do dip. Oh.
That's from, uh, that movie. Right? Pump it up. That statement, pump and iron.
That the other picture was them arms. He used to stomach.
He used to do. He used to do.
Dips with two girls hanging off his legs and he can blow up one of those old
fashioned water bladders. You know those ones you fill up hot water bag. Yeah.
He could, he could fill up like just.
Did they get the boys back?
S that were going through Franco Colomo could make it explode. God.
He didn't blow it up. He blew it up and made it pop crazy.
He did it in like 30 seconds. It's that's how just with his power,
his lung power. He was one of the most powerful body builders. And he was one.
He the smallest yes. Power. He wasn't a big guy. Pictures. Super.
Hey please. My Dick just got semi.
I'm not even gay. And I was like,
I was never gonna jerk off on a guy. I mean, most of the time,
I'm not thinking about it saying Frank. I thought I, they go to a gym.
They like lift and people watch 'em they just go to the gym together, man. Oh,
that's cool. Like if you and me went to the gym together,
they go to the gym together. Oh, that's cool. Old guys. Two old guys went at it.
Me and co went to the gym together. That's.
Right. We're getting nobody. Well, but.
Franco on the we're on the way to those people. Yes we are. Franco's not on any,
Testo like a. Is you? What are you talking about?
<laugh> you think he's hanging out with AR and he he's like, okay. Huh? What?
How many milligrams do you bring up? Picture of Franco, right? A question.
He's I got a question for you. He had a gun head. Hold on. We got two different.
Conversations going on on, go ahead. I'm sorry. A question, a gun to your head.
You had a gun to your head.
And you had a jerk off on anybody. Any man's face on the planet?
Who would it be? Donald Trump. No,
hold on Don feel. So.
This is Donald as long, as long as,
as you gotta look at their you connect eyes, eyes had. So I have a few,
so it wouldn't necessarily be my favorite American, but would it,
as long as I like, he's not American, but you.
For question, listen to me, look at me. No, say no. Hold on.
Absolutely not nothing but respect for Heather. I mean, Hector.
He Hector, I love, I love Hector lobar I would never he's too many of a man.
Well.
No I saying, because he gonna don't even bring, go to your head.
You don't want to no.
So, so Cuban. No, no, I never, I would never,
I would never SPLU on a guy that I respected his up to the level. I've respect.
Okay. You, as long as he ever do to make crazy,
I like ju law. I, I like him too.
I like.
I know where you went with that. A now hold on.
Johnny bust. Johnny.
He Johnny.
Johnny, not.
He's gotta hold his hand with one hand and look at me in the eye and I have to
go like this. I gotta go, Hey, listen, man, you, I spent a hundred dollars
on my over you gimme $2 back. I want my.
Money back.
Get, go back to him.
What was the fifties movie? What was the fifties movie? What was it called?
Outsiders. Outsiders. You gotta go back to him in the outsiders.
Jerk on. I don't wanna get too crazy.
I'm 50, 21 jump street. You can't, can't be a hate Willie. Can't.
Be a hate. It's not a hate jerk, but this moment, because I'm 50, is it?
I don't have my process. I'm not shooting heavy. So you gotta get,
cause this is gonna go. You got a baby bird. Got
here's a trip.
If you came on his face and you caught those teeth you'd feel bad. Oh,
I sure would. Right? The snaggle teeth look, if, if you, you saw your own trip,
is that real Photoshop, Photoshop like Photoshop teeth? No.
Brian used to have terrible teeth. it. Oh my, my God Photoshop.
No wondering Photoshop. Chainsaw. I think they actually added Photoshop.
Fake tooth. Well, that's him after braces. He had braces when he was like 40.
That that'd be braces in veneers. Yeah. Cause his teeth were yellow.
His teeth were also, uh, off to one side.